# qualys-stager
A simple Python script to validate and compile scans from Qualys in CSV format 

## Summary
This file moves through a directory of Qualys scans, removes the header from each file, and then concatenates them into a single file. There is basic error checking and exception handling. The purpose of this file is to prepare multiple .csv files from Qualys for upload to a tool like Splunk.

input: .csv files of Qualys scans from current working directory

output: .csv file of combined scans to current working directory

The script can be modified to change the location of input or output files. By default, they are the same, namely the current working directory. This is useful when invoking the script as a commandline alias.

System exit calls have been commented out. This prevents the script from restarting the Python kernel when running in an IDE. To use standalone from the commandline, uncommenting these lines will help ensure the program exits gracefully when terminated.

## Interactivity
The script will prompt you to confirm once the number of scans to be combined is determined. Additionally, if duplicated scans are discovered based on unique scan IDs, it will ask you if it should proceed and ignore the duplicate scans. At this time, all scans can be listed with duplicated scans indicated or just the duplicate scans can be printed to stdout for confirmation.

The script will ignore previous files generated by the script by looking for the "combined-scans" file prefix.
